[Autogenerated] okay in Ness Demo will be expanding,
and what we've already done so far in this module will take our
existing contracts and then add an input block so weak control how
it's triggered on the provider side.
Once this is done,
we will generate provide a side tests and then we will make the relevant
changes in our provider to make our provider side tests pass.
Starting in our provider.
Let's run a maven install this time not skipping the
tests in order to see what happens.
Looking at the failure,
we can see it's caused by our message contract Missing A property triggered by
this is because our contract only contains what's needed for the consumer side
of the interaction for the provider side tests.
We need to tell the contract what causes a message to be produced.
In order for that test to be generated correctly,
let's navigate to our contract and then add the input method,
which is used to tell the provider side test what input to our service causes.
A message to be fired in our case will be using the triggered by
methods why we can provide the name of a trigger method to be
called by the contract verification test.
Let's call it scores high.
Okay, now contracts complete.
We can rerun our tests and see what happens.
Great.
We got a little favor as this time we successfully generated
our tests but had a compilation error.
This error is caused by the score of high Mefford reference in our contract.
Not yet existing.
Let's navigate to degenerated test.
Undo some analysis.
We can see our test now has a contract.
Verify a messaging object injected into it and also a
contract verifier object mapping objects.
This is because we now have a message driven contract so spring cloud
contracts needs them in order to generate its tests.
Scrolling down.
We can see the score of high Mefford being called,
which of course, does not exist.
Okay, let's clean all of our generated tests by doing a maven clean,
and then we'll start trying to get them to compile.
The first thing we'll do is create a new base contract.
Test based contract tests messaging.
It's simpler,
more maintainable to separate it like this rather than forging
everything together into one base class.
Also in our case will need a slightly different
configuration to the hate DTP tests, as we need to start a real spring context,
will then create a new spring boot test and then
pointed toe our application class.
Well, then make our task room with the spring runner.
So our context is enabled when it executes.
And finally we will auto configured a message
biofire This is required to Winston.
She ate the verifier classes that were injected into our test.
If we didn't do this,
they would not exist and could not be wired in will
also create our score of high Mefford.
So a subclass will compile when trying to call it okay, running install again.
We should still get a failure.
This is because our generated tests will still point to
the old based contract has class.
What we actually want is for all our hate TTP contracts to still
use this original based contract test on our messaging contracts to
use our new one to get started with.
This will split them by directory.
Let's create a message in directory,
are moved the contract into it and then create a hate TTP directory.
A move the contract into that we can then navigated
upon a modify our configuration,
so each contract uses a corresponding based class.
To do this, we can declare a base class mapping,
stag and put in two based class mapping entries will
create one were for Red Jacks,
which matches everything in our hates TTP package and then set
the contract based test to our original hate.
TTP one then will create a second one, this time with for Red Jacks,
which matches everything in our messaging package on,
then set the base contract test to our new messaging warm.
Okay, let's run amazing clean install, and we'll see what happens this time.
Although it's still fails, we've got favor again.
This is because everything compiled the spring
contact started during our Tash run on.
We actually got all the way to the bit where we tried to assert the message,
but it was no will navigate to the test and take a more
detailed look at what's happening here.
We can see our score of high method is called where it
should ultimately trigger our message, but we've yet to implement it.
We can also see the contract, verify it,
retrieve our message from the credit scores channel and Finally,
there are some assertions that verify is the same as
what we declared in our contract.
So now all that's left is implementing our feature are making the test pass.
Let's start by navigating to the base contract test messaging class.
We'll wire in a new object, which will call credit score producer.
This will be the class are provider micro service
ultimately uses to produce messages.
We can change our score of high methods so it
publishes a score using our producer.
We can call them effort published.
Score on passing a credit check response subject.
We can animate the second argument high as this is what our contracts expects.
The first argument, the U I.
D.
Must also match what our contract expects.
Let's switch back to our contract.
Copy it, switch back to our base contract messaging class, declare a U i.
D.
Variable on, then paste it.
We can then add.
It is an argument to our method.
Andi.
Some cleanup by performing some static imports.
Finally, let's use altered enter to generate the method.
Before we proceed any further,
we need to add the spring cloud stream dependencies to our palm file,
just like on the consumer side, many messaging frameworks are supported,
but we'll be using this one to stay consistent.
First, we'll add the spring clouds,
start a stream rabbit dependency without a version
number as it's provided by our bomb.
And then we'll add the spring Cloud starter stream test support dependency,
providing us with our test scaffolding.
Again.
We don't need a version number as it's provided by our bomb.
Now we have the required dependencies.
Let's navigate back to our producer.
We'll make it a spring bean by adding that component
annotation and then declare a private source field,
making a constructor argument that will be populated by spring again.
We're not going to go into the details of spring cloud stream
here as the focus is on spring cloud contract,
but basically the sources and obstruction and we will be
using for sending a message to rob it and Q.
To achieve this will call the output method and then call send passing in
the message with a payload which is equal to our credit shot response will
also navigate to our application class on,
then annotate it with that enable binding passing our source class again,
again without the specifics.
This is what will bind Rub it to our source Class finally will
model Our application Properties file will first introduce a
spring cloud stream bindings property, which makes our content type application.
Jason and then introduce a destination property which make sure our
source output goes down the credit scores channel.
Okay, so we should be good to go now.
So let's navigate to our test run it and see what happens.
Fantastic artists pass,
meaning we've implemented a provider side of our interaction.
As we can see,
the workflow isn't that much different to hate TTP Kashima during contracts.
The only real difference is a tiny one in a contract
structure on the actual implementation code. Be messy, specific Robin and hates dtb specific.